Documentation accessibility fixes (#1348)
jellyfin/jellyfin.org: docs/general/server/live-tv/index.md

Jellyfin allows you to watch and record live television using supported hardware, as well as listen to internet radio. The first step is setting up a tuner to send data to Jellyfin, and then configure a source for the program guide data.

> See the [Live TV setup guide](/docs/general/server/live-tv/setup-guide) for step-by-step instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Live TV setup guide](/docs/general/server/live-tv/setup-guide) for detailed instructions.
```
